Well, I'd done most of my work in the late 60s, early 80s.
I went a bit quiet because my second marriage in the 80s and my second child.
There's a lot more clubs.
The colleges as well, which was great because they all used to put on bands.
The old art college used to put on bands.
I'd done one at the actual art college itself, just over the bridge by the castle.
But we had a lot of church halls that was going.
I started off the Bosco church hall where the pieces of mine recorded their album.
And I used to use St. Willis church hall.
The only thing was that these places didn't have bars in them.
We got around that with people bringing their own and even, I even won two bottles on hand.
But otherwise, I'd just tried different venues like the Dolmen Theatre.
They'd only had one band that played previously.
That was Steeleyes Band, who were basically a folk band but they turned electric.
Like Bob Dylan.
But when I, Kevin Hayes and the whole world played there, they insisted I had their dorm in
and I'd pay for their dorm in.
But apparently it was too low for them.
Even though they turned out their year in age, they'd left their post and people got into the venue free.
Which was a shame.
But I did try quite a few venues because there was quite a lot of them.
The Alex was one of the best but I caught the ass end of it.
It belonged, I was owned by someone from Cardiff at the time and I wasn't aware that they were closing down.
So I only managed to put on half a dozen gigs there before they closed down and I had to move on again.
Or it would be the venue would moan about it, the committee would say it was too loud, this, that and the other.
Or I'd have to move on.
One time I approached the British Social Club, which is probably the biggest venue left in Newport now.
And at the time I was going to put on Gary Glitter.
I got it all arranged, booked, contract signed.
Everything OK with the committee.
I was let down at the last minute by the committee.
For what reason exactly I can't remember, a long time ago.
So I had to try and rearrange it and the only venue I could get was the Roundabout.
But not for the same date.
And the date that I could get it for, Mr. Glitter wasn't available.
Well I'm glad to see it wasn't now actually.
But there you go, that's by the by.
And I still wanted to put on a Glitter band.
So I got the, Gary was number one in the Glitters, but the number two was the Suite.
And I had the Suite and I'm glad I did put on the Suite.
They were absolutely fabulous.
They didn't have much of a set to play because they were into their first or second single at the time.
So they'd done a lot of Hoo covers.
And they'd done them better than the Hoo.
I mean another band I had at St. Louis Church was a band called Egg.
Three piece band, they were great.
They turned up very early.
So we all went next door into the park, next door and played football.
Until the gig started.
You just make the most of it.
It's just like going to a factory or somewhere else to them.
It's just turning up for work isn't it?
And you just try to make the most of it.
And we had a game of football that night, that day.
When I had caronets in the whole world at the Dolmen Theatre,
the electrics went down about 15 minutes into the gig.
And there was a lot of mess about.
Couldn't find the electrics or sort them out, whatever.
So the saxophonist stepped forward, Lord Coxell,
and entertained the crowd with the sax.
And he was absolutely fabulous.
The crowd loved him.
They would have been happy if just Lord Coxell had turned up.
And he told me he used to busk in London at the time
and he could earn £100 a day.
And that was 1970?
But that was one incident where we had a support act
where we didn't have a support act.
If you know what I mean.
One of the main venues for pun on bands at the time
was the Kensington Court Club,
over in Kensington Place,
just to the other side of the George Street Bridge,
just off Chapsville Road.
Are you aware of that venue?
Yeah, we've heard about it a lot.
Yeah, right, that's where I seen Screaming Lord Such
and Hackensack and a lot of other bands.
I used to live just there.
I used to live just across the road from it.
But I couldn't get to the venue too often
because I was busy myself.
But I've seen Focus play there.
Well, it's like a big old mansion there,
a house-type building type thing.
And it had 10 stairs where they used to have the main bands
and it had upstairs where you had a disco,
which was more or less for the discoites.
And whatever, but it wasn't a big venue.
I mean, one band turned away from there when they turned up
because they said the stage was too small
and the roof was too low.
On a Thursday night,
they used to have all the up-and-coming bands
like, excuse me, Brian Ferry's first band,
Roxy Music and things.
And it was the most influential rock place at the time.
And also I think something had to do with it
from the Kensington Chord Club,
the Bull Mo Lido just outside Cleon.
They used to have bands playing out there
like Good Abbott and the Racing Cars
and Albert, the band I mentioned,
and things like that.
That was a good venue for a while
before it closed down again.
I don't know why they all closed down
because they was well frequented back in the day.
There's not so much life in Newport now,
so back in the day, it was always pretty busy.
There wasn't much trouble at all,
although Newport has got a bad reputation for trouble.
I could count the fights I'd seen in the last 50 years
on my one hand.
The Newport Athletic Club,
I've seen one or two fights.
The Baptist Club,
where I've seen the A-man corner
playing out there one night.
They had a Newport member with them,
the A-man corner.
The sax player was Alan Jones.
He also had another band after A-man corner.
He also had a boutique in Newport called Clobber
and a boutique in Carriff.
Garage Paradise or something.
It's still about now,
promoting.
Most bands, it was OK,
but one or two had riders.
The biggest rider I ever had was for Nine Below Zero,
where I had them play at the storey.
I was the DJ at the storey,
but I only ever promoted one band at the storey
and that was Nine Below Zero.
They had one of the biggest riders
and it cost me half a lot of money
because there was vegans in the band,
there was eating,
meat eaters,
there was connoisseurs of drinks
and there was others that wanted water
and it was one of the biggest
and most expensive riders I had to lay on.
Luckily enough,
not too many of them had riders
but I certainly remember the Nine Below Zero one
because it was expensive
and like I said,
they were fussed over their food
and their drinks
and wanted quite a bit of it.
I think there's seven in the band anyway,
you know what?
I had to wind up in the end as well
because the roundabout was the last gig I did
and that was a slot on the dogs from Manchester.
Only six people turned up.
They used to demand me their money before they went on
and I said I haven't got it
and there were pre-mobile phones and everything like that
so it was hard to get hold of people
until I got to the end of the gig.
So anyway,
they were asking me for the money
and I said we've got a contract
and it says you'll do 60 minutes
and then I'll pay you the £100.
It doesn't say I'll pay you £100
and then you do the gig.
I said if you want to be funny,
I'll be funny.
So they went on,
done a half hour
and came back off
and said we want the money.
I said I'll give you half the money
and you've done half the gig.
They phoned me around and said
I've got the money
and I've got the money
so they phoned me around people
trying to get hold of people
which wasn't easy then,
pre-mobiles
and we were talking about the money
and one of the six people out in the audience
when running past me
I turned around
and he's grappling with a roadie on the floor
with a metal bar in his hand
who was just about to put it over my head.
So he saved my life that night I think
and I managed to get the money
but I made them finish their over sack first.
So that was the amount of pork here.